Initial task:
-----------------------------
1. create an angular app: pmsapp (Standalone)

2. create an interface to represent the product type
	a. create a "models" directory in the "src/app" folder
	b. add a file "product.ts" and create an exportable interface "Product" there with all the members (as mentioned in the sample data) with appropriate data type

3. create an array variable to store sample data
	a. create a folder "repository" inside "src\app" directory
	b. add a new file "products.ts" inside the "repository" folder
	c. copy the sample data and assign the same to an array variable (where the array is of type Product array). the variable must be exported from the file.

4. create a separate component (ProductList) which will display all the products from the array avriable in its template through a table element or some oether way (display only the image, name, price and rating property values)
	a. create a separate folder "products" inside "src\app" directory to store all component, directives, pipes, services etc. for that feature module
	b. create a folder "components" inside "products"
	b. inside "components" folder, now create a folder for the component files, named, "product-list"
	c. add components files - code (product-list.ts), html (product-list.html), style file (product-list.css) etc.
	d. write the component code which will fetch the products array and create the template design where the those products will be displayed

5. nest the ProductList component inside the App component
6. run


enhancement-1: (passing data between components)
----------------------------------------------------
filter the products currently being displayed in the table in ProductList component by a filter text. the filter text will be entered in a text box. for this a separate component (ProductFilter) has to be created. then nest the component in App component. the value entered in the text box in the template of ProductFilter component should be passed to the ProductList component for the filtration.
Note: no need to filter the product list based on the filter text right now. just make sure that the filter text is passed from ProductFilter to ProductList component.

app
	products
		components
			product-list
				product-list.ts
				product-list.html
				product-list.css

			product-detail
				product-detail.ts
				...

		services
			product.service.ts

		pipes
			

		directives

	orders
	
